DOC-3698-2: Added the GiftVoucherToFriend flow (#521)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/tutorials/building-cordapp/c5-basic-cordapp-flows.md

}
```

## Write the `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow

> The `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow lets you to transfer the ownership of the issued voucher.

Author: @peterli-r3 Could you please add more details to this description? Why do I need the GiftVoucherToFriend flow?

Reviewer: message you via Teams.

Author: updated

Now that you've written the `CreateAndIssueMarsVoucher` and `CreateBoardingTicket` flows, try writing the `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow.

You will need these variables:

> * voucherID

Author: @peterli-r3 is that correct? only one variable?

Reviewer: GiftVoucherToFriend needs 2 parameters. One is voucherID, one is the new owner, I named it holder. 
https://github.com/corda/samples-java-corda5/blob/main/Tutorial/missionmars/workflows/src/main/java/net/corda/missionMars/flows/GiftVoucherToFriend.java#L84

Author: updated

* `TransactionBuilderFactory`: Used for constructing, verifying and signing the transactions. In this case, it builds a transaction.
* `IdentityService`: Provides methods to retrieve Party and AnonymousParty instances. You need it because your flow involves counterparties.
* `NotaryLookupService`: Finds information on notaries in the network. Add it because your transaction requires a notary.
* `JsonMarshallingService`: Parses arbitrary content in and out of JSON using standard, approved mappers. You need it because in Corda 5 all flow parameters are in the JSON format.
* `PersistenceService`: Provides an API for interacting with the database. It has functions mirroring Java’s EntityManager for working with entities. Also, it provides functions for executing predefined named queries and polling for results. It hides the complexity of asynchronously interacting with the database which, in a high-availability environment, could be running on a separate process.

{{< note >}}

> This flow only needs an initiating flow; you don't need to include a responder flow. However, you must still add the `@InitiatingFlow` annotation.

Author: Is that correct? only needs an initiating flow?

Reviewer: no no. Ie needs an responder flow. like creatAndIssueVoucher flow and redeemvoucher flow.

Author: updated

}
```

## Write the `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow

> In Corda, you can transfer a state to someone else. The `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow lets you transfer the ownership of the issued voucher to another person.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Corda, you can transfer a state to another party on the network. The `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow lets you transfer the ownership of the issued voucher to another person.
```
Just to be a bit more specific.

Now that you've written the `CreateAndIssueMarsVoucher` and `CreateBoardingTicket` flows, try writing the `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow.

You will need these variables:

> * `voucherID`

Reviewer 2: I'd add a description of the variables to explain why they are needed/what they will do in the flow.

Author: @peterli-r3 could you provide that?

* `holder`

You must inject these services:

* `FlowEngine`: Provides basic control over a flow it is injected into, such as calling subflows, performing asynchronous tasks and putting the flow to sleep for a period of time. This flow needs `FlowEngine` because you are utilizing subflows such as `FinalityFlow`.
* `FlowIdentity`: Obtains the identity of the node running the flow. You must inject this service because one of the output states needs its own identity.
* `FlowMessaging`: Used for creating and closing flow sessions as well as sending and receiving data between flows via a flow session. Use this service to create flow sessions that allow communication between counterparties.

> * `TransactionBuilderFactory`: Used for constructing, verifying and signing the transactions. In this case, it builds a transaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `TransactionBuilderFactory`: Used for constructing, verifying, and signing transactions. In this case, it builds a transaction.
```

* `IdentityService`: Provides methods to retrieve Party and AnonymousParty instances. You need it because your flow involves counterparties.
* `NotaryLookupService`: Finds information on notaries in the network. Add it because your transaction requires a notary.

> * `JsonMarshallingService`: Parses arbitrary content in and out of JSON using standard, approved mappers. You need it because in Corda 5 all flow parameters are in the JSON format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `JsonMarshallingService`: Parses arbitrary content in and out of JSON using standard, approved mappers. You need it because in Corda 5 all flow parameters are in JSON format.
```

> * `PersistenceService`: Provides an API for interacting with the database. It has functions mirroring Java’s EntityManager for working with entities. Also, it provides functions for executing predefined named queries and polling for results. It hides the complexity of asynchronously interacting with the database which, in a high-availability environment, could be running on a separate process.

Reviewer 2: Should we link to docs on EntityManager?

Author: I don't think that so many details are needed in this desc.

{{< note >}}

> Similarly to the `CreateAndIssueMarsVoucher` flow, this flows needs a responder flow that responds to the request to update the ledger. Also, you need to query the `MarsVoucher` and the `BoardingTicket`.

Reviewer 2: I might break this out into two separate lines, not include it as a note. Like the services, this info is essential for the user to know. 

Maybe link back to the section where they wrote the queries for `RedeemBoardingTicketWithVoucher`, maybe something like:
```suggestion
Like the `CreateAndIssueMarsVoucher` flow, the `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow needs a [responder flow](#write-the-responder-flow) that responds to the request to update the ledger. 

You also need to query the `MarsVoucher` and the `BoardingTicket`. Refer to the section on [implementing queries](#implement-queries) for the `RedeemBoardingTicketWithVoucher` for guidance.
```

}
```

## Write the `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow

In Corda, you can transfer a state to another party on the network. The `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow lets you transfer the ownership of the issued voucher to another person.

Now that you've written the `CreateAndIssueMarsVoucher` and `CreateBoardingTicket` flows, try writing the `GiftVoucherToFriend` flow.

You will need these variables:

> 

Author: @peterli-r3 Could you please review the variables descriptions and provide an explanation of what they'll do in the flow?

Reviewer: The things you wrote are sufficient enough.

* `voucherID`: ID of the issued voucher whose ownership is to be transferred.
* `holder`: The new voucher owner.

You must inject these services:

* `FlowEngine`: Provides basic control over a flow it is injected into, such as calling subflows, performing asynchronous tasks and putting the flow to sleep for a period of time. This flow needs `FlowEngine` because you are utilizing subflows such as `FinalityFlow`.
* `FlowIdentity`: Obtains the identity of the node running the flow. You must inject this service because one of the output states needs its own identity.
* `FlowMessaging`: Used for creating and closing flow sessions as well as sending and receiving data between flows via a flow session. Use this service to create flow sessions that allow communication between counterparties.
* `TransactionBuilderFactory`: Used for constructing, verifying, and signing transactions. In this case, it builds a transaction.

> * `IdentityService`: Provides methods to retrieve Party and AnonymousParty instances. You need it because your flow involves counterparties.

Reviewer 3: Should Party and AnonymousParty be shown as code?

Author: good call. yes, it should.

* `NotaryLookupService`: Finds information on notaries in the network. Add it because your transaction requires a notary.
* `JsonMarshallingService`: Parses arbitrary content in and out of JSON using standard, approved mappers. You need it because in Corda 5 all flow parameters are in JSON format.

> * `PersistenceService`: Provides an API for interacting with the database. It has functions mirroring Java’s EntityManager for working with entities. Also, it provides functions for executing predefined named queries and polling for results. It hides the complexity of asynchronously interacting with the database which, in a high-availability environment, could be running on a separate process.

Reviewer 3: Should EntityManager be shown as code?

Author: good call. yes, it should.
